Yeah, like, like, again, because I'm running a small team, my
opportunity cost of someone failing, not because of them,
but the data is actually high. So I don't have a like a
bulletproof way to sort of prioritize projects. I mean,
generally speaking, we try to look at revenue potential, is
the data completely new? Or is it something that is new? And is
it new and can be linked to something we already have?
Generally, if you get something that's sort of independent from
the rest of the database, you're likely your value proposition is
going to be much harder. But if it's something that is related
to some of the companies we cover today, and they have other
measures, then there's a higher success chances. But yeah, it's
happened to me where you basically work on something for
like, six months plus, and then you end up with like, well, I
guess it didn't work. It's unfortunate, but I mean, it
kind of comes back to the business side, because you kind
of try to whoever's adding this project, you try to do your best
to have them explain in very simple terms, what they want out
of it. Right. And that's where I kind of use that sometimes when
things kind of fall apart, they're not very well defined.
And it's like, well, we really didn't know. So we tried and it
took a while because of these complexities. And at least we
found out that why we failed. So that's not really an
opportunity anymore. So that way, you kind of dance a bit
around the issue, right?